---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "aembit_trust_providers Data Source - terraform-provider-aembit"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages an trust provider.
---

# aembit_trust_providers (Data Source)

Manages an trust provider.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `trust_providers` (Attributes List) List of trust providers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--trust_providers))

<a id="nestedatt--trust_providers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `trust_providers`

Read-Only:

- `aws_ecs_role` (Attributes) AWS ECS Role type Trust Provider configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--trust_providers--aws_ecs_role))
- `aws_metadata` (Attributes) AWS Metadata type Trust Provider configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--trust_providers--aws_metadata))
- `azure_metadata` (Attributes) Azure Metadata type Trust Provider configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--trust_providers--azure_metadata))
- `description` (String) User-provided description of the trust provider.
- `gcp_identity` (Attributes) GCP Identity type Trust Provider configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--trust_providers--gcp_identity))
- `github_action` (Attributes) GitHub Action type Trust Provider configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--trust_providers--github_action))
- `id` (String) Unique identifier of the trust provider.
- `is_active` (Boolean) Active/Inactive status of the trust provider.
- `kerberos` (Attributes) Kerberos type Trust Provider configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--trust_providers--kerberos))
- `kubernetes_service_account` (Attributes) Kubernetes Service Account type Trust Provider configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--trust_providers--kubernetes_service_account))
- `name` (String) User-provided name of the trust provider.
- `tags` (Map of String)
- `terraform_workspace` (Attributes) Terraform Workspace type Trust Provider configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--trust_providers--terraform_workspace))

<a id="nestedatt--trust_providers--aws_ecs_role"></a>
### Nested Schema for `trust_providers.aws_ecs_role`

Read-Only:

- `account_id` (String) The ID of the AWS account that is hosting the ECS Task.
- `assumed_role` (String) The Name of the AWS IAM Role which is running the ECS Task.
- `role_arn` (String) The ARN of the AWS IAM Role which is running the ECS Task.
- `username` (String) The UsernID of the AWS IAM Account which is running the ECS Task (not commonly used).


<a id="nestedatt--trust_providers--aws_metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `trust_providers.aws_metadata`

Read-Only:

- `account_id` (String)
- `architecture` (String)
- `availability_zone` (String)
- `billing_products` (String)
- `certificate` (String) PEM Certificate to be used for Signature verification
- `image_id` (String)
- `instance_id` (String)
- `instance_type` (String)
- `kernel_id` (String)
- `marketplace_product_codes` (String)
- `pending_time` (String)
- `private_ip` (String)
- `ramdisk_id` (String)
- `region` (String)
- `version` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--trust_providers--azure_metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `trust_providers.azure_metadata`

Read-Only:

- `sku` (String)
- `subscription_id` (String)
- `vm_id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--trust_providers--gcp_identity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `trust_providers.gcp_identity`

Read-Only:

- `email` (String) The Email of the GCP Service Account used by the associated GCP resource.


<a id="nestedatt--trust_providers--github_action"></a>
### Nested Schema for `trust_providers.github_action`

Read-Only:

- `actor` (String) The GitHub Actor which initiated the GitHub Action.
- `repository` (String) The GitHub Repository associated with the GitHub Action ID Token.
- `workflow` (String) The GitHub Workflow execution associated with the GitHub Action ID Token.


<a id="nestedatt--trust_providers--kerberos"></a>
### Nested Schema for `trust_providers.kerberos`

Read-Only:

- `agent_controller_ids` (Set of String)
- `principal` (String)
- `realm` (String)
- `source_ip` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--trust_providers--kubernetes_service_account"></a>
### Nested Schema for `trust_providers.kubernetes_service_account`

Read-Only:

- `issuer` (String) The Issuer (`iss` claim) of the Kubernetes Service Account Token.
- `namespace` (String) The Namespace of the Kubernetes Service Account Token.
- `oidc_endpoint` (String) The OIDC Endpoint from which Public Keys can be retrieved for verifying the signature of the Kubernetes Service Account Token.
- `pod_name` (String) The Pod Name of the Kubernetes Service Account Token.
- `public_key` (String) The Public Key that can be used to verify the signature of the Kubernetes Service Account Token.
- `service_account_name` (String) The Service Account Name of the Kubernetes Service Account Token.
- `subject` (String) The Subject (`sub` claim) of the Kubernetes Service Account Token.


<a id="nestedatt--trust_providers--terraform_workspace"></a>
### Nested Schema for `trust_providers.terraform_workspace`

Read-Only:

- `organization_id` (String) The Organization ID of the calling Terraform Workspace.
- `project_id` (String) The Project ID of the calling Terraform Workspace.
- `workspace_id` (String) The Workspace ID of the calling Terraform Workspace.
