---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "aembit_credential_provider Resource - terraform-provider-aembit"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# aembit_credential_provider (Resource)

Resource to create and manage Credential Providers in a Aembit Cloud tenant.

## Example Usage
```terraform
resource "aembit_credential_provider" "api_key" {
	name = "API Key Credential Provider"
	is_active = true
	api_key = {
		api_key = "test_api_key"
	}
}

resource "aembit_credential_provider" "oauth" {
	name = "OAuth Credential Provider"
	is_active = true
	oauth_client_credentials = {
		token_url = "https://aembit.io/token"
		client_id = "test_client_id"
		client_secret = "test_client_secret"
		scopes = "test_scopes"
	}
}

resource "aembit_credential_provider" "vault" {
	name = "Vault Credential Provider"
	is_active = true
	vault_client_token = {
		subject = "subject"
		subject_type = "literal"
		lifetime = 60
		custom_claims = [
			{
				key = "key"
				value = "value"
				value_type = "literal"
			}
		]
		vault_host = "vault.aembit.io"
		vault_port = 8200
		vault_tls = true
		vault_namespace = "vault_namespace"
		vault_path = "vault_path"
		vault_role = "vault_role"
	}
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name for the Credential Provider.

### Optional

- `aembit_access_token` (Attributes) Aembit Access Token type Credential Provider configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--aembit_access_token))
- `api_key` (Attributes) API Key type Credential Provider configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--api_key))
- `aws_sts` (Attributes) AWS Security Token Service Federation type Credential Provider configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--aws_sts))
- `description` (String) Description for the Credential Provider.
- `google_workload_identity` (Attributes) Google Workload Identity Federation type Credential Provider configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--google_workload_identity))
- `is_active` (Boolean) Active status of the Credential Provider.
- `oauth_client_credentials` (Attributes) OAuth Client Credentials Flow type Credential Provider configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--oauth_client_credentials))
- `snowflake_jwt` (Attributes) JSON Web Token type Credential Provider configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--snowflake_jwt))
- `tags` (Map of String) Tags are key-value pairs.
- `username_password` (Attributes) Username/Password type Credential Provider configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--username_password))
- `vault_client_token` (Attributes) Vault Client Token type Credential Provider configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vault_client_token))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Unique identifier of the Credential Provider.

<a id="nestedatt--aembit_access_token"></a>
### Nested Schema for `aembit_access_token`

Required:

- `lifetime` (Number) Lifetime of the Credential Provider.
- `role_id` (String) Aembit Role ID of the Credential Provider.

Read-Only:

- `audience` (String) Audience of the Credential Provider.


<a id="nestedatt--api_key"></a>
### Nested Schema for `api_key`

Optional:

- `api_key` (String, Sensitive) API Key secret of the Credential Provider.


<a id="nestedatt--aws_sts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `aws_sts`

Required:

- `role_arn` (String) AWS Role Arn to be used for the AWS Session credentials requested by the Credential Provider.

Optional:

- `lifetime` (Number) Lifetime (seconds) of the AWS Session credentials requested by the Credential Provider.

Read-Only:

- `oidc_issuer` (String) OIDC Issuer for AWS IAM Identity Provider configuration of the Credential Provider.
- `token_audience` (String) Token Audience for AWS IAM Identity Provider configuration of the Credential Provider.


<a id="nestedatt--google_workload_identity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `google_workload_identity`

Required:

- `audience` (String) Audience for GCP Workload Identity Federation configuration of the Credential Provider.
- `service_account` (String) Service Account email of the GCP Session credentials requested by the Credential Provider.

Optional:

- `lifetime` (Number) Lifetime (seconds) of the GCP Session credentials requested by the Credential Provider.

Read-Only:

- `oidc_issuer` (String) OIDC Issuer for AWS IAM Identity Provider configuration of the Credential Provider.


<a id="nestedatt--oauth_client_credentials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `oauth_client_credentials`

Required:

- `client_id` (String) Client ID for the OAuth Credential Provider.
- `token_url` (String) Token URL for the OAuth Credential Provider.

Optional:

- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) Client Secret for the OAuth Credential Provider.
- `scopes` (String) Scopes for the OAuth Credential Provider.


<a id="nestedatt--snowflake_jwt"></a>
### Nested Schema for `snowflake_jwt`

Required:

- `account_id` (String) Snowflake Account ID of the Credential Provider.
- `username` (String) Snowflake Username of the Credential Provider.

Read-Only:

- `alter_user_command` (String) Snowflake Alter User Command generated for configuration of Snowflake by the Credential Provider.


<a id="nestedatt--username_password"></a>
### Nested Schema for `username_password`

Optional:

- `password` (String, Sensitive) Password of the Credential Provider.
- `username` (String) Username of the Credential Provider.


<a id="nestedatt--vault_client_token"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vault_client_token`

Required:

- `lifetime` (Number) Lifetime of the JWT Token used to authenticate to the Vault Cluster. Note: The lifetime of the retrieved Vault Client Token is managed within Vault configuration.
- `subject` (String) Subject of the JWT Token used to authenticate to the Vault Cluster.
- `subject_type` (String) Type of value for the JWT Token Subject. Possible values are `literal` or `dynamic`.
- `vault_host` (String) Hostname of the Vault Cluster to be used for executing the login API.
- `vault_path` (String) Path to utilize when executing the login API on the Vault Cluster.
- `vault_port` (Number) Port of the Vault Cluster to be used for executing the login API.
- `vault_tls` (Boolean) Configuration to utilize TLS for connectivity to the Vault Cluster.

Optional:

- `custom_claims` (Attributes Set) Set of Custom Claims for the JWT Token used to authenticate to the Vault Cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vault_client_token--custom_claims))
- `vault_forwarding` (String) If Vault Forwarding is required, this configuration can be set to `unconditional` or `conditional`.
- `vault_namespace` (String) Namespace to utilize when executing the login API on the Vault Cluster.
- `vault_role` (String) Role to utilize when executing the login API on the Vault Cluster.

<a id="nestedatt--vault_client_token--custom_claims"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vault_client_token.custom_claims`

Required:

- `key` (String) Key for the JWT Token Custom Claim.
- `value` (String) Value for the JWT Token Custom Claim.
- `value_type` (String) Type of value for the JWT Token Custom Claim. Possible values are `literal` or `dynamic`.



